PROBLEM:
Student is opted into Immediate Access but cannot access their Pearson MyLab or Modified Mastering textbook and assignments.

APPLIES TO:
Courses using Pearson MyLab or Modified Mastering digital content.

CANVAS LOCATION:
Course Navigation > Immediate Access

STEP-BY-STEP RESOLUTION:
1. In the Canvas course page using Pearson MyLab – Mastering or Modified Courseware.
2. Click → Immediate Access, from the left hand-side course menu.
3. Your Pearson title will appear on the right-hand side of the screen. Click → Launch Courseware and skip to Step 5.
4. Alternatively, if the Pearson courseware tile has a ‘Reveal Access Code’ option, click → Reveal Access Code
5. Click → Copy to copy the access code to the clipboard, then navigate to the URL provided under More Info.
6. From here one of two things will be displayed on your screen.
   a. If you have not yet created a Pearson MyLab, Mastering or Modified Account, you’ll be prompted to create one.
   b. Be sure to use your NAME@calbaptist.edu, NOT your StudentID@calbaptist.edu as this will not allow for multi-factor authentication.
   c. Then you should see “You’re done!”, your professor’s name, and the ‘Go To My Courses’ tile.
   d. If you have used Pearson MyLab, Modified, or Mastering for another class previously, you already have created an account. The system will recognize your login and path you directly to Open MyLab & Mastering.

LOGIN REQUIREMENTS:
- Use your official CBU email address: firstname.lastname@calbaptist.edu
- Do NOT use your ID#@calbaptist.edu email.

EXPECTED RESULT:
After registration, you will see a confirmation page showing:
1. "You're done!" message
2. Your course information and Professor's name
3. A "Go to My Courses" button to access your materials

You will also receive a registration confirmation email. Your Pearson account will be linked to your Canvas account for future access.

IF ISSUE PERSISTS:
Use the "Forgot your Pearson username or password?" link on the login page, or visit the Help & Support section in Pearson. You can also contact ImmediateAccess@calbaptist.edu for assistance. If possible, include a screenshot of what you are seeing.



