QUESTION:
How does textbook renting work at the CBU Campus Store?

ANSWER:
A variety of textbooks may have the option to be rented rather than purchased through the CBU Campus Store, either online or in store.

RENTAL AGREEMENT TERMS:
By renting from the CBU Campus Store you agree to the following:

1. You are renting and in receipt of the rental book(s) shown on your receipt. The book(s) is in good condition with all included CDs and components and is the property of the Campus Store.

2. It is your responsibility to return the rental item(s) along with all included CDs and components in salable condition. Very limited highlighting and writing are acceptable. If the item is not in salable condition, the return will not be accepted and you will pay the Replacement Cost fee.

3. You are responsible for the risk of loss or damage from any cause, including theft, lost items, missing pages, or damage (including water damage).

4. You must return your book(s) on or before the due date listed on your receipt to avoid rental replacement costs and applicable taxes. Rental textbooks may be eligible for a rental fee refund ONLY if returned by the deadline dates listed on your receipt.

5. You are liable for all replacement costs if you sell your books at buyback or return rental textbooks to any location other than inside the Campus Store.

6. You authorize the Campus Store to charge your student account and/or credit card on file for the full amount of the listed replacement cost plus applicable taxes at any time after the rental return due date if you do not return the rental book(s) by the deadline. This charge WILL NOT BE REFUNDED. You may also be blocked from renting books from the Campus Store in future terms.

7. The Campus Store will attempt to send courtesy reminder emails, but you are responsible for returning your rental by the due date to avoid replacement charges.

CURRENT RENTAL RETURN DEADLINE:
Spring 2026 rental books must be returned to the Campus Store by April 27th, 2026 to avoid being charged the Replacement Cost Fee.

CONTACT:
Email: cscontact@calbaptist.edu
Phone: 951-343-4259
Address: 8432 Magnolia Avenue, Riverside, CA 92504
