---
source_id: ia_zero_courses_zero_materials_cache
source_type: faq
category: immediate_access
platform: null
issue_type: browser_cache
priority: canonical
---

QUESTION:
I see "0 Courses, 0 Materials" or "You currently have no content available" or "You currently have no content available, please contact your faculty or digital program manager for assistance." What should I do?

ANSWER:
CBU IMMEDIATE ACCESS SUPPORT NOTE: VitalSource may also display "please contact your faculty or digital program manager for assistance" on this screen. For CBU Immediate Access troubleshooting, treat this screen as the known 0 Courses / 0 Materials issue. First clear your browser cache, cookies, and history using the documented steps below. If the issue continues, contact ImmediateAccess@calbaptist.edu with a screenshot.

If you see "0 Courses, 0 Materials" or "You currently have no content available" when trying to access Immediate Access materials, this is caused by stale browser data. Clear your browser cache, cookies, and history, then try again.

Note: After clearing your browsing data, you will be signed out of most websites and will need to sign back in.

--- GOOGLE CHROME (Mac or PC) ---

1. Click the three dots in the top-right corner of your Chrome window and select Settings.
2. Choose Privacy and security, then select Clear browsing data.
3. Under Time range, select All time.
4. Check the boxes for Browsing history, Cookies and other site data, and Cached images and files.
5. Click Clear data.

Shortcut: Press Command + Shift + Delete (Mac) to open the Clear browsing data menu directly.

--- MOZILLA FIREFOX (Mac) ---

1. From the top menu bar, click History and select Clear Recent History.
2. Under Time range to clear, select Everything.
3. Check the box for Cache (and any other items you wish to clear).
4. Click OK.

Shortcut: Press Command + Shift + Delete (Mac) to open the Clear All History menu directly.

--- SAFARI (Mac) ---

CLEARING COOKIES:
1. In the Safari app, click Safari in the top-left corner of your screen.
2. Click Settings from the menu.
3. Click Privacy from the menu bar inside Settings.
4. Click Manage Website Data.
5. Click Remove All in the bottom-left corner.

CLEARING CACHE:
1. Click Safari in the top-left corner, then click Settings.
2. Click Advanced from the menu bar inside Settings.
3. At the bottom of the page, click Show Features for Web Developers.
4. From the top menu bar, click Develop, then select Empty Caches.

CLEARING HISTORY:
1. Click Safari in the top-left corner of your screen.
2. Click Clear History from the menu.
3. Select All History from the dropdown.
4. Click Clear History in the bottom-right corner to confirm.

--- GOOGLE CHROME ON IPAD ---

1. Open Chrome on your iPad and tap the three dots (ellipsis) in the upper-right corner.
2. Swipe left on the top menu bar until you see History, then tap it.
3. At the bottom of the History screen, tap Clear Browsing Data.
4. Make sure Browsing History, Cookies, Site Data, and Cached Images and Files are all checked.
5. Tap Clear Browsing Data to confirm.

Note: If you see a VitalSource error message that says "Uh oh, your launch was unsuccessful!" and offers a Support Site button, skip that button — it will not resolve the issue. Proceed directly with clearing your browser data as described above.

---

After clearing cache and cookies for your browser, close and reopen your browser, then return to Canvas and click the Immediate Access link again. Your materials should now load correctly.

If the issue continues, contact Immediate Access support at ImmediateAccess@calbaptist.edu. Include a screenshot of what you are seeing.
